...completely introduces us to the nature of mind. Does that teacher have a kind of obligation or
commitment to keep working with us? Of working on us?
See that again? I'm glad to be. Sorry. One more time.
If we find a teacher who completely introduces us to the nature of mind, does that teacher have a
kind of obligation to continue working on us or with us?
Oh, yeah. I think you made contact. You made contact. So, I don't think we can break contact.
I mean, this teacher, this is, I think, the point of what's called the practice of the student at
the civil side, but generally we look for kind of people in Buddhism that whoever introduces to you
the nature of the mind,
and with this kind of you, it makes some change. That's considering your principal teachers,
principal teachers, principal teachers.
And that principal teachers, then you must kind of keep that practice, keep that practice with
devotion, with confidence, with joy, and keep that.
And then teachers, definitely, if you keep that, and teachers, bless you, well, come. Bless you,
well, come. Whoever had that, that's the teaching said.
It's not something that that teacher has obligated. Of course, his way of obligation is that the
teacher has obligation and the student has obligation.
And the teacher has obligation to teach and guide and help and support, and the student has
obligations to keep up the practices, with devotion, with joy, with confidence, with us, teacher,
and stop it.
So, it's like, in a way, mutual, mutual obligations.
Mutual obligation is not just only one side, and it, I think, definitely, is mutual obligations.